README.md, before:

# BetterRest

BetterRest is a simple SwiftUI app designed to help you improve your sleep quality by calculating the optimal bedtime based on your wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and coffee intake.

## Features

- **Bedtime Recommendation**: Enter your wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and daily coffee intake to receive a personalized recommendation for your bedtime.
- **Rate Sleep Quality**: Keep track of your sleep quality by rating your sleep experience and adding optional comments.
- **Weekly Summary**: View a summary of your sleep data for the past week, including sleep quality ratings and comments.

## Main Technologies:

`Swift`
`SwiftUI`

## How to Use

1. Launch the app and enter your preferred wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and daily coffee intake.
2. Receive a personalized recommendation for your bedtime based on the entered information.
3. Rate your sleep quality and add comments to track your sleep experience.
4. View a summary of your sleep data for the past week to monitor your sleep habits and make adjustments as needed.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/devkilyungi/BetterRest.git
   ```
2. Open the project in Xcode.

3. Build and run the project on your simulator or device.

## Core ML Integration

The app utilizes a Core ML model to predict the optimal bedtime. The model takes into account the user's wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and coffee intake to provide a personalized recommendation.

## Acknowledgements

- This project was created as a learning exercise to understand the integration of Core ML and Create ML in SwiftUI projects.
- Inspired by the "BetterRest" project from the 100 Days of SwiftUI course by Paul Hudson.

## Author

- Victor Kilyungi

## Demo Images and Video:

https://github.com/devkilyungi/BetterRest/assets/99484519/934e0804-6adf-4283-9c1e-f667834931c7

<div style="flex: 1; text-align: center;">
  <p>Home Screen</p>
  <img src="./home_light.png" alt="Home Screen" width="300">
</div>

<div style="flex: 1; text-align: center;">
  <p>Home Screen</p>
  <img src="./home_dark.png" alt="Home Screen" width="300">
</div>

Commit message:

docs: Add disclaimer to README.md

README.md, after:

# BetterRest

BetterRest is a simple SwiftUI app designed to help you improve your sleep quality by calculating the optimal bedtime based on your wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and coffee intake.

## Disclaimer

*The recommendations provided by BetterRest are based on a machine learning model trained on simulated data and should be used for informational purposes only. The data used to train the model is not actual health data and should not be considered as a substitute for professional medical advice. Always consult with a healthcare professional for personalized sleep recommendations and guidance on improving sleep quality.*

## Features

- **Bedtime Recommendation**: Enter your wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and daily coffee intake to receive a personalized recommendation for your bedtime.
- **Rate Sleep Quality**: Keep track of your sleep quality by rating your sleep experience and adding optional comments.
- **Weekly Summary**: View a summary of your sleep data for the past week, including sleep quality ratings and comments.

## Main Technologies:

`Swift`
`SwiftUI`

## How to Use

1. Launch the app and enter your preferred wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and daily coffee intake.
2. Receive a personalized recommendation for your bedtime based on the entered information.
3. Rate your sleep quality and add comments to track your sleep experience.
4. View a summary of your sleep data for the past week to monitor your sleep habits and make adjustments as needed.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/devkilyungi/BetterRest.git
   ```
2. Open the project in Xcode.

3. Build and run the project on your simulator or device.

## Core ML Integration

The app utilizes a Core ML model to predict the optimal bedtime. The model takes into account the user's wake-up time, desired sleep duration, and coffee intake to provide a personalized recommendation.

## Acknowledgements

- This project was created as a learning exercise to understand the integration of Core ML and Create ML in SwiftUI projects.
- Inspired by the "BetterRest" project from the 100 Days of SwiftUI course by Paul Hudson.

## Author

- Victor Kilyungi

## Demo Images and Video:

https://github.com/devkilyungi/BetterRest/assets/99484519/934e0804-6adf-4283-9c1e-f667834931c7

<div style="flex: 1; text-align: center;">
  <p>Home Screen</p>
  <img src="./home_light.png" alt="Home Screen" width="300">
</div>

<div style="flex: 1; text-align: center;">
  <p>Home Screen</p>
  <img src="./home_dark.png" alt="Home Screen" width="300">
</div>
